everything changes
what's going on boys and girls they have
the pleasure of doing an unboxing and
overview of this newly released really
sharp looking
Sennheiser game zero professional noise
blocking headset this is an improved
version of the PC 350 special editions
with upgrades to the wearing comfort
materials and in my opinion aesthetics
and I've actually covered the PC 350 SCS
along with three other Sennheiser
products with both unboxings as well as
full reviews and if you want to see
those videos just click the annotations
or the links in the description the 85
of eights are actually what I'm using
right now to edit the audio in all my
videos because of its ridiculously
accurate sound and like always I'll be
doing a full review of these games
zeroes in about a week or two after you
get a good feel of how well they perform
so definitely stay tuned for that
and for some of the best pricing and
availability for all these products I've
included some links for you down below
so for a quick to around the box on the
front you got a photo of the product as
well as the model of the headset and in
this part of Sennheiser's game series
which is their newest line of upgraded
headsets it has a two-year warranty and
on the bottom you have one of the zeros
greatest song points which is long term
comfort on the side you can pause the
video and read it for yourself but it
just shows some write ups on the zeros
and how even game developers themselves
use Sennheiser equipment to develop game
audio this site has some of the main
features such as fitted leatherette
memory foam ear pads and the sets it is
fully collapsible for portability and
this is a closed back headset to
maximize sound isolation the top houses
your hang tag as well as the package
contents which we will get into in a
moment and the bottom just has some
influence Anheuser as well as the
certificate of authenticity finally on
the back you see some more features in
greater details such as Sennheiser's
tried-and-true EA r technology which
stands for ergonomic acoustic refinement
and this is said to provide a natural
more accurate sound by angling the
drivers to channel the audio directly
into your ears on the right side you got
an exploded view of the headset with
explanations of each of the key parts
and I do want to make note that this
headset features a very capable
microphone which should be expected
given Sennheiser's long term experience
with producing high-quality mics
Sennheiser is an international company
so this is all in different languages
and finally near the bottom you have
some of the main tech specs like a
relatively light 312 gram total weight
and a very generous three meter cord so
once the unboxing you just tuck the hang
tag in on the top
and slide the front sieve off to either
side from there you just pull the front
flap up you can see the headset is very
well packaged to vent any shipping
damage in both the protective box and
the headset case itself it's a hardshell
case to protect that zeros from getting
crushed and taking out of the plastic we
see it's very classy and elegant looking
and also functional with a handle on the
top unzipping the case and taking off
more protective material you can further
see just how well designed the case is
with a felt inside so your zeros won't
get scratched and pocket on the front to
put any accessories or cords in moving
on to the headset itself and taking off
the rest of the protective pieces we see
just how aesthetic it is with very
flashy white glossy ear cups and a sharp
red trim to it in my opinion these are
one of the nicest looking headsets I've
ever seen on the left ear cup you have
the noise cancelling microphone and it
has the very welcome Auto mute feature
where when you lift it up and away from
your mouth it shuts the mic off it's
also really flexible for those whose
mouths are located at abnormal spots on
their faces the e cups themselves are a
very soft and plush memory foam material
with a sole rebound rate to conform to
the shape around your ears inside the
cups you can see the Sennheiser
transducer technology drivers are
protected from dust and dirt with layer
of red fabric moving up to the headband
it features the same soft materials as
the ear cups and has a generous amount
of padding the headset as a whole is
very flexible and folds into two
different variations for storage on the
backs of the cups you can see it's
closed back design and I really like
these line patterns on the back which
are actually rubber to help with grip
one holding your headset or taking them
off or on underneath the lines on the
right cup you have your volume dial with
fit these zeros along with the PC 350 s
have the most range of adjustment I've
ever seen on any headphone or headset I
have a horrendously gigantic noggin and
my fitted ball caps our size 8 which you
have to get specialty ordered online and
these headphones can actually go even
bigger than my head for you peanut heads
that go really small to finally moving
down to the cord it's made of a thick
braided material and the long length is
well managed by a convenient velcro
cable tie and lastly at the very end you
have your color-coded 3.5 millimeter
jacks for a microphone and sound
hope you guys all enjoy my unboxing and
overview of the Sennheiser games your
professional
walking gaming headset if you want this
headset for yourself I have some links
below for some of the best pricing and
availability let me know in the comments
what you think of this headset and also
since I've been covering a lot of
headsets lately let me know if you want
to see any comparisons to the other ones
I've made videos of maybe I'll do some
head to heads and like I said keeping
out from our full review up in a few
weeks once I get a completely feel of
how well you perform and if you did
enjoy this vid please thumbs up if you
like that thumbs down if you didn't and
let me know your thoughts in the
comments subscribe to my channel if you
haven't already and follow me on
Instagram and or Twitter it would be
much appreciated
until next time you do buh pace